IT Security Manager IT Security Manager Edelway SA is a Swiss IT Services Consultancy. Our global multinational end-client based in Basel is currently looking to hire a IT Security Manager on a long term basis. Working language: English. German is a plus. Starting Date : May 2014 THE ROLE : -Understanding and assessing Security Policy, Assessment of the past Audit findings, Risk Assessment results etc. -Creation & Update of Security baseline for the IT infrastructure components and application landscape aligned with best fit industry Security practices in coordination with IGM. -Review and discussion with stakeholders with respect to Security Baseline and incorporation of the feedback. -Creation or recommendations towards Baseline Audit Checklist and User Guide/Playbook to ensure the sustainability aspect from long term view and to ensure the automation of compliance check with respect to baseline in long run. -Responsible for establishing cooperation among the members of a project team who are involved in internal information security functions. -Works operating budgets, identifies project controls, prioritizes team functions and direction, assigns tasks and reviews subordinates' work. -Manages the information security team to develop and implement security processes and procedures. -Manages the risk assessment resolution process. -Responsible for coordinating any security auditing procedures. YOUR PROFILE : -+8 years in IT Security Management -Understanding IT landscape and assessment of the existing baseline document, Minimum configuration for IT landscape (Windows Servers, Linux Servers, DB, IIS7, Webserver, etc). -Understanding the Application landscape (High Risk Applications, GxP, Sox, ISEC, Data Privacy related applications) -Understand the Business & IT pain points with respect to security compliance and challenges. If it sounds like your next challenge, send your CV to Kristina@edelway.com (+41 58 717 7014) and we will contact you shortly to discuss it further. Keywords : IT Security, Pharma, Pharmaceutical, Risk, Switzerland, Schweiz, Basel Edelway S.A. is a leading successfull Swiss IT Recruitment Consultancy. We provide Permanent and Contract services to our multinational clients in Switzerland. We offer the full package, permit & payroll + relocation support. Vacancy Summary Job Type Contract/Interim Location Basel Start Date ASAP Duration 5 months + ext Salary Neg Ref No 181738-J2497_367447 Date Advertised 01 Apr 2014 Apply Now Please Note There is no need to provide bank account details or payment to any person or organisation when applying for a job. If you have any concerns about this job then please report it to our Customer Service team . Your options Apply Now Add to Shortlist Send this job to a friend Email Recruiter info Edelway Kristina Return to search results Search for the latest UK IT jobs & career opportunities at Purely IT or sign up to our Jobs By Email service and get all the latest IT jobs straight to your inbox. Kick start your next career in IT by using the keyword and location search box above or why not upload your CV and let IT recruiters find you. About Us Contact Us Site Map Terms and Conditions Privacy PurelyIT is an Evenbase brand and part of dmg media. Copyright © Evenbase Recruitment Ltd. All rights reserved."
